Add directiveAnnotations into introspection (#1)
IgorBelyi/graphql-spec: spec/Section 3 -- Type System.md

extend type Book @delegateField(name: "index")
```

> Additionally, directive may be defined as exposed by including the "exposed" keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a directive may be defined as exposed by including the "exposed" keyword.
```

> Making a directive exposed effects only its inclusion in "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directive are skipped from that list though they are not excluded from the "directives" list of the Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a directive exposed effects only its inclusion in the "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directives are omitted from that list, even though they are not excluded from the "directives" list on the Schema.
```

> Making a directive exposed effects only its inclusion in "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directive are skipped from that list though they are not excluded from the "directives" list of the Schema.

Reviewer 2: Making a directive exposed affects only its inclusion in the "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directives are skipped from that list though they are not excluded from the "directives" list of the Schema.

> Making a directive exposed effects only its inclusion in the "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directives are omitted from that list, even though they are not excluded from the "directives" list on the Schema.

Author: ```suggestion
Making a directive exposed affects only its inclusion in the "directiveAnnotations" list in introspection. Non-exposed directives are omitted from that list, even though they are not excluded from the "directives" list on the Schema.
```
